---
title: "A Dream I Had Last Night"
date: "2019-10-15T14:00:00.000Z"
excerpt: I don't usually remember my dreams but this was a pretty good one.
tags:
  - police violence
  - 1950s
  - horror
  - dreams
---

First I was driving with a friend (maybe Clint, I think we were on tour
together), but he killed a cop and suddenly pulled up and picked me up and so we
were driving away on the lam from other cops. So now I was implicated. We got
out of our van and ducked through a hole in a wall of shrubs and were in a rich
and fancy neighborhood. Actually, now that I think of it by this time he was
alone in the van, I was chasing him on foot and there were more cops behind me
on foot and I followed him through the shrub.

I went up to the nicest house and somehow got inside. It had a massive canopy
(similar to the
[Denver airport](https://duckduckgo.com/?q=denver+airport+awning&iax=images&ia=images))
over the driveway. Inside was an attractive middle aged husband and wife. My
friend was already inside talking to them. It was clear from the home's decor
that it was the 1950s- somehow we had travelled through time, so we had to play
it cool and not give away that we were from the future. We struggled to come up
with an excuse for being in their house and I finally said that our car had
broken down or something.

They pushed their toddler kids out the window (only a 1st floor window) to play
in the yard. We understood this as the normal way for kids to go outside to play
in the 1950s, though it was the middle of the night so still felt pretty weird.

We said goodbye and they gave us the keys to their vintage car, but the car
didn’t start. We went back inside and it was clear that we were not in the 1950s
after all, just a 1950s motif in their big house. They laughed at us and said
they thought we were just playing along with the motif. The husband and wife
made beds for us to sleep in a big room where their kids slept too.

The last thing I remember here is seeing a sleeping teenager’s head with
purple-dyed hair in one of the other beds in the big room because around this
time I woke up. It was 5:00 am exactly. I wanted to get out of bed and write
this all down since I don't normally remember my dreams. My partner (who
struggles with insomnia) was looking at me and said I was obviously upset or
struggling in my sleep.

I guess I went back to sleep because suddenly there was a woman killing us. A
bunch of people (probably dream people only) had already been killed. The woman
was an assassin in her 20s and also appeared to be an Uber driver, pretty worn
down herself and not super into either job. She was hired by the parents of the
two toddlers we had apparently kidnapped, but it was a big misunderstanding. She
was just slicing us up with a big knife.

The whole thing was very frustrating because this woman was killing all of us
even though we were being very clear that we didn’t want to take these kids and
she didn’t want to have to do these murders and it was a misunderstanding- but
she had to do it for the rich husband and wife. I know my old housemates from
Chicago were there. We were trying to get out of the house, thinking we could
kill the assassin if we had to (I had produced an even longer knife), but knew
we had to deal with those cops too. We were basically debating at this point
whether to stay in the kitchen or to try and steal the assassin's car. I was
really fixated on something that I knew was wedged in between the back seat of
that car.

That's when I woke up. I made coffee and wrote this up immediately since I knew
the memory was doing to disintegrate pretty quickly.
